README.md, before:

# News Recommender

## Getting Started
The recommended Python version for this project is Python 3.8. 
[pyenv-virtualenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv) is a helpful tool for handling different Python versions together with different Virtualenvs. 
It is recommended to start a new Virtualenv before installing the project requirements.

Install requirements:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Start the Django server: 
```
python manage.py runserver
```

## Project Structure
The project is roughly structured as follows. 
```
project/ <- project settings
recommender/
    management/
        commands/
            crawl.py <- web crawler
    templates/ <- UI templates
    views.py <- views
    recommender.py <- recommendation engine
    ...
...
```
The web crawler operates asynchronously and crawls the web for news articles and stores the articles in Elasticsearch.

The UI presents the user with a list of user-profiles to choose from. 
Based on the chosen user-profile (and maybe a search query) the user is presented with a list of recommended articles and the user has the option to like articles.

The views mediate requests between the UI and the recommendation engine.

The recommendation engine takes a user-id (and maybe a search query) as the input and returns a list of recommended articles based on the articles in Elasticsearch and the recommendation algorithm. 
When a user likes an article, the recommendation engine incorporates the feedback in the user-profile and updates the recommendation.

Commit message:

Include article IDs in search results. Methods for like and dislike. Method for getting users. Method for getting reviewed articles. Article template updated to work with like and dislike.

README.md, after:

# News Recommender

## Getting Started
The recommended Python version for this project is Python 3.8. 
[pyenv-virtualenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv) is a helpful tool for handling different Python versions together with different Virtualenvs. 
It is recommended to start a new Virtualenv before installing the project requirements.

Install requirements:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Start the Django server: 
```
python manage.py runserver
```

### Elasticsearch
In order to run the project, articles have to be crawled and users-profiles need to be defined. 
Both articles and user-profiles are stored in Elasticsearch and are imported using Django commands.

Import articles from BBC:
```
python manage.py crawl
```

Initialize user-profiles:
```
python manage.py create_users
```


## Project Structure
The project is roughly structured as follows. 
```
project/ <- project settings
recommender/
    management/
        commands/
            crawl.py <- web crawler
    templates/ <- UI templates
    views.py <- views
    recommender.py <- recommendation engine
    ...
...
```
The web crawler operates asynchronously and crawls the web for news articles and stores the articles in Elasticsearch.

The UI presents the user with a list of user-profiles to choose from. 
Based on the chosen user-profile (and maybe a search query) the user is presented with a list of recommended articles and the user has the option to like articles.

The views mediate requests between the UI and the recommendation engine.

The recommendation engine takes a user-id (and maybe a search query) as the input and returns a list of recommended articles based on the articles in Elasticsearch and the recommendation algorithm. 
When a user likes an article, the recommendation engine incorporates the feedback in the user-profile and updates the recommendation.
